Woo, Woo, oh hi, today we're going to tell
you, woo, how to fix an upside down compute
screen. Why do you keep asking me questions,
I don't know these answers. How to fix an
upside down computer screen, well it's quite
a complicated procedure that is going to require
a complete hardware realigniation and correct
pin out capology. Now look, it's not quite
that easy but it's not quite that complicated
either. Well if it's upside down of course
the easiest way would be just to turn it right
side up but with todays monitors, especially
flat paneled monitors they have the ability
to rotate that screen and this is very helpful
in case you would like to turn your monitor
and see something long ways. You are able
to rotate the image up to 360 degrees. However
if you should come in and find that your image
is upside down, typically it is a very easy
process of going to your control panels or
your system preferences, selecting the display
and look for the selection that says rotate.
Here you'll see that you can actually rotate
your screen 90, 180, or 270 degrees. It should
be a simple matter of actually just selecting
the rotation that you want, notice now that
I have rotated the image 90 degrees and I
can turn my flat panel monitor 90 degrees
and see my documents lengthwise. On older
CRT monitors it is very rare but still occasionally
you'll find one that has an upside down image.
Typically a pin in the cable has become dislodged
or broken off and this might be the very pin
that sends information to orient the screen.
Typically the way to fix this is to simply
buy a new cable. On the worst of occasions
you might need a new graphics card. However,
over the past few years this has become almost
completely nonexistent as a problem in the
computer world. So if you come in some day
and you've got an upside down screen and it's
not you or the monitor that is upside down,
hey look in the control panels or the system
preferences and very likely you are going
to find one small adjustment that is going
to allow you with one click to put the image
right side up again. But hey, don't take my
word for it, read the flippin' manual.